Add transaction name to errors (#541)
elastic/apm: specs/agents/error-tracking.md

Agents should include exception handling in the instrumentation they provide, such that exceptions are reported to the APM Server automatically, without intervention. In addition, hooks into logging libraries may be provided such that logged errors are also sent to the APM Server.

Error properties
* `id` (which in the case of errors is 128 bits, encoded as 32 hexadecimal digits)

> Additinoal properties when the error happens within the context of a transaction

Author: ```suggestion
Additional properties that agents SHOULD collect when the error happens within the context of a transaction
```

* `trace_id`
* `transaction_id`
* `parent_id` (which is the `id` of the transaction or span that caused the error).
* `transaction.sampled`
* `transaction.name`†

> * `transaction.type`†

Reviewer: are these properties `MUST`, `SHOULD` or `MAY` when a transaction is available?

Author: I found that all properties besides the name were already set by the Java agent. Not sure about all other agents but I took this as an opportunity to add them to the spec, too. SHOULD sounds like the right level.

> † These properties may change during the lifetime of a transaction, for example if a user explicitly sets the transaction name after an error has been captured.

Author: Oh, that's good to know. If it's not at the cost of performance and doesn't make the instrumentations much more complex, I think the sooner the transaction name can be set the better.

> so name would almost never have a useful value

Would the name be empty/null or not be useful (ex. `GET unknown route`)?

> † These properties may change during the lifetime of a transaction, for example if a user explicitly sets the transaction name after an error has been captured.

Reviewer: I checked the integrations real quick, the only one that sets the transaction name at the end is Django. It should be relatively straight forward to move it up earlier into the request, though.
